Darknet Diaries Podcast
I read the articles from the Darknet Diaries Podcast. It’s so informatic, horrifying, realistic and lesson leaning. Furthermore its point out what are the loop or lose hole in your network and devices that hacker or bad guys used to intrude into your data or network. I chose The Beirut bank Job article and summarize it as below.      

EP 6: THE BEIRUT BANK JOB

In this article I learned few critical points that are so basic but its most important to safe your data and network from intruders. Jason is the guy who did the job to intrude into the Beirut bank network and security without being caught. The main moral of that whole story is Not Verifying The Identity Of Someone Asking For Information or using the personal devices through his USB rubber ducky. Few key points from the article are:

1.	Don’t let other people access your user account when you are not with them. Even if it is friends, family or children, there is always the possibility that passwords could be changed or deleted by mistake, compromising your IT security.
2.	Always ask or verifying the Identity of someone asking for Information.
3.	Don’t let other to use your device or laptop.
4.	Always follow the basic security septs to protect the data like antivirus, strong password and security updates. 
5.	Never trust anyone to use your device even the IT department.
6.	Employees must be trained to scrutinize any internal emails requesting password changes or sensitive information.
7.	Never neglect equipment maintenance and security steps.
8.	Don’t let plugin the USB device into your network or device, even for charging the phone or other devices.
9.	Don’t by pass the security check points, either physically or digitally at your work place.
10.	Don’t leave your laptop or devices unattended. 

Hutchins et al 2011, Intelligence-Driven Computer Network Defense Informed by Analysis of Adversary Campaigns and Intrusion Kill Chains, chapters Abstract, 3.2 Intrusion Kill Chain & 3.3 Courses of Actions.

Summary of Intrusion Kill Chain and Courses of actions

a). A Kill Chain is a start to end process to spot adversaries and understand his known actions. The US military has a kill chain process strategy that includes procedures like find, fix, track, engage, and assess.
b).  The intrusion Kill Chain explains to the defenders how an attack targets a system.
c). It explain end to end process and what would be the line of actions are. Which are: 
Reconnaissance
Weaponization
Delivery
Exploitation
Installation
Command and Control (C2)
Actions on Objectives

My thoughts

In my point of view, A kill chain is end to end process but a new class of threat posed by highly competent attackers is called a "advanced persistent threat" (APT). They typically aim for extremely sensitive data like economic or national security information. APTs employ cutting-edge methods that can readily overcome the conventional defense measures. Defenders can, however, acquire knowledge about how APTs operate and modify their security strategies. Kill Chain process, which outlines the many phases of an attack. In addition to other courses of action. We now need to employ an intelligence-based model due to the evolution of these threats.

VirtualBox on my laptop running the Debian 12.



